c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Projekat2.exe.config
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Projekat2.exe
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Projekat2.pdb
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\HighScores.g.cs
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\HighScores.baml
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.g.resources
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.exe
c:\users\silentstorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2.pdb
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Igra.g.cs
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Igra.baml
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.cs
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\StartPage.baml
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Pobeda.g.cs
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Poraz.g.cs
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Pobeda.baml
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Poraz.baml
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\obj\Debug\Projekat2_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Sounds\Battle City.mp3
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Sounds\btnclc.mp3
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Sounds\inmenubtns.mp3
C:\Users\SilentStorm1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projekat2\Projekat2\bin\Debug\Sounds\potvrdi_izbrisi.mp3
